Iphone OS!!!!!!!! .Im thinking of endless money and endless development. 
Focus Me usage. follow the finger the "Apple ring is on lol" or just keep track of me. !!!Ill allow it for this!!! !care! Internet diplomacy will need to emerge and flourish
        !Inputs are errors! are the way to modular upgrade\update phones.... Gives ME! a personality. 
            Ordered Chaos is not chaos. ITS ME!locked app location is so 2000. 20 years later still there
iphone 12 pro max 
15.3.1

                                                    P.S i dont use many apps. it has become my social Hub, Navigator, work companion, and Identifier.                                                                                    
walk away detection. watch. ring, phone, active face detection, etc, 
    4 finger swipe from top on focus to "pause\Hide" Hub
        \i call it Super position location
            super position dimming and focus
                get as good as pointing at my device for focus? !CARE!

everything in the lockscreen- Focus touch to reveal main page- Multiple device focus to stop annoying dimming on obvious multiple use.
left page to main swats double desktop type. 


unlock for OS managing and maybe app management.

main app maps, messages, anything in the main page and leaves when done.
swipe left to Continue... search the wanted app and have it free floating.. disorginized chaos made by ME!
    bubbles would be cool for the multitasking apps that are running on my left.
        for "scheduled" notifications the bubbles slowly move to main focus... middle of the screen. swipe to Swat away bubbles remind later.
            middle of the screen has to be the focus. shit at the top is alwyas in the fucking way. i say that grudgingly
Airdrop type of black hole that knows where my other devices are in reference and i can swat away "apps\hubs" into the other devices with the 1 finger ME! focus to confirm
    require Bit security actively updating to all my connected devices in my you guessed it "Home Hub" 
        \what happened to what was it pick and play? and apple "DOCK"
use everything at the phones disposal For super location with all other devices not just apple. BT, WIFI, Apple ID, EVERYTHING
    subtly update security status and intuitively resync\confirm security using ME and everything im connected to for Extra Confirmation
AI behavioral analysis how the phone is used and suggest interactive features?
    the apps in the Main connect(left swipe from lock) intuitively pop with inactivity or (max?) number\ fullscreen of active apps.
Retinal notification confirmation on important notifications like messages from mom with the natural swat up. with "pace to center bubble creep"


fuck apps i had 3 pages of apps and old shit i dont even use. fuck downloading shit unto my phone, if remote play is the thing and its the thing Make it so
    all i got is a fucking keychain ("block-Chain") and performance enhancer storage for the hubs. !!!NOBODY HAS LVL 1 PRIORITY EXCEPT ME!!! AND OS everything else is level 3 past my custom encryptorsssss
        The hubs Hold very important Bits. gather around gather around confirm.

hold phones back to back to choose what you want to share. my contact info has EVERYTHING i dont want to airdrop everything... i want "contact" airdrop without the airdrop.
    why are all my devices not synced? why do they lose each other?

work as hubs and windows that i can make bigger or smaller on interactions... do we need fullscreen apps? 

all types of connects so i can touch my phone it becomes main focus dims and "locks" all others. touch on the ipad and it does the same thing
    show me they are connected.

right swipe for camera, qr code, ID, qrs 1 time pins, maps info\updates, apple pay pretty much hotspot to confirm and take pics

Apple-> Windows "hub"... i want to use my phone in my desktop.. fine apple u wont have anything to give to Windows except a Connect hub.  Itunes?
mouse click "continue" and so on

Maps                                         P.S i came to the conclusion i only know the street i live in. i know nothing else, besides turn here and there. useful?                                                                         
\maps in maps.
Focus mode on -> open malls, parks, tourists spots, festivals daily active updates and hot spots for people that like me need to go out.
Super location when removed from car play or car bluetooth. I give you permission you do anyways. do it right.
    \ different routs and route rating if i want it. help stop the traffics also. -> hubs <- handshake? keep it up to date?
parallel car dock for lane viewing world mapping etc? apple cars with apple phones.Helps AI advancements- dash cam on driving with my phone with live cloud update.

siri
hold the cortana\siri buttons to talk. shut up and do it. 
    also no suggestions.!!! it still can only suggest? AI progress? 
        database of missed commands start with the most common and work down. make her do it ALL with Focus Security. Apple? 
            Siri Customization call it the (ME!! AI) make a sims real world type.


O.S.SSSSSSSS
Handshakes on indepensible features we all use anyways? just OS preferences
\Maps,Keys,OS,Sharing,Location,shopping,Interactions
END to END monitoring with read receipt and corruption of data on wrong bit \multiple bit replies "flag"
    SHOW ME!!!!!!!!
PC->Gateway->Hubs-> data monitoring. SHOW ME EVERY BIT!!!! and from what app is being sent and receieved. SHOW ME!! 
    \this is more for user peace of mind trust handshake with ME! Also Security boost.
        Super paranoid.
How do i check Remote accesed. if someone has remote acces to my shit on lvl 1 security. how can i\os know?
        im giving the hubs that ability with a window...... make it 8G00D
\continous OS Sync with the hubs. catch added scripts\codes on the purity of my OS.
multiplatform OS security Breach Repo! insta sync insta update all OS. lets make the internet safe and private. in the most none safe and non private way. you all get a bit




DOCK MODE
wireless charging docks activate, maybe even turn on stuff? im home\work\w.e docks. 
i want a apple ,USB?, super position, Bit key PC power button. sense me getting home and turn on all my devices and security bit check it all. IM HOME!!!!!!!!
backwards camera continueous monitoring as a face id positions that connects to my PC "hub"
multiple location guard. 



